

                      Senseval3: english all words task

files:

        README                         this file
        all-words.dtd                  The dtd for senseval all words tasks.
        english-all-words.xml          The corpus.
        cl32.mrg                       Penn Treebank file for document 1 in
                                       the corpus.
        wsj_1695.mrg                   ditto for document 2.
        wsj_1778.mrg                   ditto for document 3.


The lexicon used is WordNet 1.7.1





answer format
--------------

Answers should be provided in the blank answer keys at the end of the corpus file.
Each answer should consist of zero or more sensekeys from WordNet 1.7.1 (the entry
should be left blank if none of the senses in the lexicon match the sense of the 
encountered word.  Multiple senses should be given if they all match the sense
of the encountered word equally well, or in the case of compound words).


compound words
--------------

Compound words such as "tear-filled" and "district/states" should be tagged with
the appropriate senses of each of the component words.


multi-word expressions
-----------------------

The indicated "head" of a multi-word expression (indicated by a combination of the sats="..." attribute and
additional <sat...> elements) should only be tagged with a WordNet sensekey corresponding to
the entire multi-word expression.  If no such sensekey exists, the answer key should remain blank.

Note: The word in the expression identified as the "head" is just the first noun, adjective, or 
verb in the expression.  The POS of the expression as a whole may differ from the POS of the word
identified as the head.

Misc.
------

The ID attribute tags of 'head' and 'sat' elements are pointers to the TreeBank files.
e.g. "d001.s056.t008" refers to document #2, sentence #57, terminal #9

All terminals from TreeBank are included in the corpus file.  Besides words and punctuation
from the original documents, these include trace-elements added during the TreeBanking process.
These can be removed by removing all lines in the corpus file that start with 0 or *.



  





